So This year has been a rollercoaster for me.. So many ups and downs.. Since the beiginning of this year I was in 12std(commerce+maths)non attending.. In January And Feb I panicked about my prep but through help from my ex who was then my gf.. I passed it with good percentage above 90%... Then I started preparing for CUET in April and from there everything went downhill... I was extremely exhausted... My ex who was already in a much stable position clearing CLAT with AIR around 750... Was kind of making me feel downsized my her achievements and my ego too.. I was really not in a lovey dovey love with her since we had a 3year old relationship... But it had gotten a lot toxic I didn't liked her over feminist stance while I never objected to it.. But she was also forcing me to support her agenda which I denied and we had a fight.. I broke my 4month celibacy with her.. Masturbating on VC.. Which gave me a lot of guilt.. In may we had sex extreme sex.. I stopped the prep for CUET.. For which she was forcing me.. But i was done.. Then Came my board result it went good hers also went good but she is never happy.. She cried even though I really wanted to enjoy the moment as I was having a really bad stretch of days.. We stopped talking.. Then we talked again.. In JUNE went kind of bittersweet.. We had hour last sex and date.. I didn't took a college out of my ego.. Her going to top NLu and also the SRCC obsession.. Then she went to college.. And she fucking changed there.. Has a new bf in a month.. I also got shifted to Delhi basically without a plan.. I got left.. I felt broken depreased.. Lonely.. Took depress meds.. Threw it came back to delhi in Oct.. After running back home.. And sonce then im trying to make sense of my life.. Started prep for CUET.. Looking to do FRM.. Joined GYM... But i extremely alone.. I stay here in laxmi nagar.. It just makes me depressed.. I sometimes i feel that i lost my youth energy.. 
I dont know where i am heading?? DM me if u want.. Or don't 