I'm not shy, I'm not scared of people, I'm generally a confident creature. I like life on the wild side, prefer doing whatever I want - I'm the kind of person people have referred to as the "cool friend"; you know, the guy with their own world going on, is weird and doesn't care, collects shit, makes their own rules; can launch into a deep conversation on multiple topics, certainly has secrets, not remotely inside of the box - I'm one of those kinds of people.  Don't care about social norms.  My problem is I'm lonely as fuck for the opposite reason to many of you guys -- everyone's insecure, scared, and lacks any personality, and the outgoing people are all clones of each-other who feel intimated by me \[by their own admission.\] It's been like this for years, all I find are people scared of being themselves who treat me like I'm weird or avoid talking to me. Fuck 'em as they're not my type anyway --   
 Where the fuck do I find people like me? like, just going around. Online?

I've tried different groups online - Punk, Goth, Rock, etc - pretty much anywhere, it's either not my crowd or the folks there are doing their own thing. Not quite mine, too timid etc. 

Sure I know where to find those who Connect like I do but --- come on... I want to meet people who are their own person, I want real friends; a variety of people here. From other circles... 

I've seriously been isolated for years because, and I'm not trying to be narcissistic here, man, but people treat me like I'm the intimidating cool guy in almost every online space I enter the second I show a bit of personality. Like what the fuck. I'm trying to find places where there's a bunch of people like that - rebels, outcasts, artists, whatever...  I don't find you guys boring or lame; I'm also very lonely, like I said. I've had the same experiences. I'm also a shut-in, like many of you.  But, you know, I have a different worldview. Help a guy out?... 

Perhaps just a little unused to this era to be honest. I'm late 20s, but, it's pretty clear to anyone I don't really fit at all.