Hey not really sure where to start this but I never really realized how alone I am. My partner of 7 years left me and it's been almost 3 years since. And all the people I thought were my friends too more than made obvious that wasnt true. After that my one and only best friend had my back. But lately even that has begun to slip. Ive dialed back me putting in all the effort and hell she even said im one of her BFFs because im easy to be around. Idk why that bothers me so much especially when she calls me her brother. I dont want anything from her but her friendship but it feels all so one sided. Especially lately, i dont want to keep her only for my self but she has never in the 13 years of being friends invited me to anything, and boundaries are only getting tighter with her. I feel like theres a gap thats only getting bigger and bigger. Especially since shes a woman, once she finds her partner there is a very high chance i wont even be an after thought anymore. I feel miserable. Ive tried to meet people. Tried a couple dates but ive hate the dating scene so much. 3/4ths of the women ive taken out just wanted a free meal or wanted to take advantage of me. When i tried focusing on keeping things fifty fifty, they ghost me and it feels the worse because i want something real! Im only 24 but with my birthday coming up i just feel like this loneliness is only going to get worse. Every "friend" i make always ends up never trying with me. Even after i make the effort to reach out make plans and make them feel involved. The one that hurt the most was when i planned an entire beach party with all my coworkers (20+ PEOPLE) and only 5 people showed. I felt like a joke. And the worst of it i dont have much hope on finding love again, and as a guy i dont think anyone wants anything to deal with me and having to forcefully face this reality is just depressing. If you reached this point of this long ass paragraph ig thanks for caring enough to read this far and also sorry for wasting yr time with my nonsense. 