I feel like one of my worst fears has been to end up alone. Now I am there. Completely alone.

I always wanted a life of independence and I reached that. I’m completely independent and I live at peace within my home. There are times that I want a relationship, but I refuse to settle for anything less than I deserve because I’ve done that enough already. Majority of my friends never reach out first. Since I stopped, I never get a text or a call first, or at all.

I got out of a relationship a little over two months ago and I miss him everyday like crazy. But I gave everything I had. Even if he came back with promises, I couldn’t trust it. I knew I had to start choosing myself and I feel like I do that everyday that he stays blocked, but it’s extremely hard. I feel like that was the one true connection that I would have a chance at finding.

My best friend was an ex I dated years ago and we have always depended on each other emotionally. I reached a point where I questioned if the friendship was still healthy for the both of us. He started working nights and I could tell my neediness was a lot and I didn’t want to first, overwhelm him, and second, I didn’t want to depend on him. But he was the only person left in my life that I felt somewhat cared. We made the decision to go no contact and I blocked him to hold better discipline for myself. After we blocked each other, I called an old friend that was stationed with us years ago and he mentioned the possibility of my ex still having feelings and that being the reason why he’s around.
That destroyed me.
What I thought was my most genuine friendship was just a hope for me to give him another chance again? I don’t know. I don’t want to be the oblivious person and say “there’s no way” but I’m not sure. And maybe it’s not even worth trying to ask or find out. I feel like the best thing to do is move on but it’s been so difficult. I feel like I lost the two main people in my life in just a few months and idk what the hell has happened. This is extremely hard.