Does anyone else feel the same way?

Everyone seems to be terrified of being alone, however I’ve found peace and solitude within it. Before I dive in I shall say that there is a major difference between being along and feeling lonely. I feel as if many who posted in this sub has confused the two. 

Back to my story - I’m not sure of the logic behind finding peace from within. It may be due to past trauma and/or bad experiences with roommates - and if so - I’m grateful for it now. 

I have the freedom to do what I want. I’m not dependent on anyone. I have no dependents. I recently started to go in solo trips and had a blast. It’s got to the point where social settings have become sparse now. My social battery runs out quicker. All I want is to go home and be at peace in my cave. I invested in my own hobbies that I enjoy more than anything.

I had prior relationships and have learned with each one that I value my alone time more than anything else. I have no intent to look for a partner. The dating scene is horrible. Not that I’m cutting that aspect of my life out, if someone worth a damn comes a long, I will definitely consider it. But for now - let me do me.

I find it odd how society shames people who prefer this lifestyle. Why should I be guilted into social situations when I am at my best alone? I have noticed that my solitude directly results to my health. I’m in the best shape of my life. I seldomly drink alcohol. I’m not peer pressured to consume bad things all the time with people. I keep a consistent gym schedule that I’m sure would be rough to follow if I had an active social life. 

I have also noticed that my self-imposed glow up has triggered other people’s insecurities and they project onto me. It’s not my fault I am not affected by peer pressure. Things like this also detract me from being social. I’m not gonna subject myself to people indirectly bashing me out of their own insecurities. Maybe these people should start working on themselves as well instead of depending on others for their happiness.

That’s just how I feel about it. I’m curious as to everyone’s thoughts.