I (F22) actually don't have many close, long term friendships. Even though I haven't done anything bad, I avoid my elementary and middle school classmates due to insecurities, failure, and fear of being perceived. I have 3 high school friends, but because I didn't actively try to maintain connection/communication, they have closer friends they'd rather be around.

College was a bit different for me. I isolated myself for a year, but after joining activities and events, I was able to socialize with a lot of people. It was enjoyable, and everyone around me thought I knew a lot of people and had a lot of connections. This was partially true, but the reality was that my friends liked me enough to include and talk to me, though I never became their favorite person or closest friend.

I did become close friends with 2 people in college, but the friendships resulted in a falling out. I feel self conscious because of that, and I can't help but question if people will like me less when they get to know or spend time with me more. I also feel worried and scared that friendships/relationships will end in unpredictable ways.

Now that I've graduated college, I am back to being alone. I have texted my college friends, but they either don't text back or the conversation naturally dies out. I actually enjoy being isolated; it allows me to focus on myself and have no problems or drama with anyone else.

But I can't help but question if it's wrong to be like this and feel this way. I can't really tell anyone about this bc I don't think it's socially acceptable. Everyone around me seems to have close friends and friend groups. Tbh I could if I really wanted to, but keeping up with a lot of people can be distracting for me. I also feel scared that I come across weird, awkward, unlikeable, or if the friendship ends due to incompatibility or other issues.

Does anyone have trouble making and maintaining close friendships? Do you also feel lonely or isolated? Do you have any advice for me?