Hello guys thanks for the invite to the group! I’m a 21M and have a similar story to many of you in the group: still a virgin, had a couple kisses but never a good one, been on a couple of dates that went nowhere, etc. Now I look back to summer of last year with deep pain. During that time I was really getting it together: I was about to be promoted at my job, school was going well for me for once, I was getting in the gym almost every day and gaining confidence, and I met a girl that I was instantly intrigued by. This girl was incredibly beautiful to me and shared a lot of my interests, and quickly she gravitated to me while we worked together. She was pretty shy but would take the time to talk to me and always greeted me with this amazing smile. But by the time the summer ended, she left across the country to college. I tried to keep in touch as much as I could, but then life got crazy for me too. Balancing school with work became an intense challenge, working out fell off as a result, and the promotion I was looking forward to fell through because they were understaffed. Then this girl moved back close to me and when we saw each other again, she quickly became flirty. One night we were sexting and she was planning to come over the next night, but those plans fell through and life was getting busy again so it was my last chance to see her for awhile. I became impatient and spilled all my feelings for her and she pretty much told me that she doesn’t catch feelings for people. I got drunk a night later and drunk texted her some nasty and forceful things and got blocked. So here I am, thinking just last week that something special was finally happening for me, but instead feeling as hopeless and lost as ever. I quit that job as it took a huge toll on me, still in school but have no idea where that will lead, and have been isolating myself and not working out. All my motivation in life feels lost because it seems like when things are coming together, everything eventually crumbles.