I don't know if I belong here. I'm not too awkward to talk to anyone, I just find most interactions with other people to be unpleasant so I avoid talking to other people as much as I can. I'm not shy at all when there's some need for me to say something to someone-- even a stranger-- but without the pretext or need I find that I have nothing to say to anyone.

The problem is that humanity, in general, disgusts me. I imagine others to be the same as me which makes me thoroughly uninterested in anything they have to say. And I know that they'd be equally uninterested in my boring chatter. And if they're not, they're idiots. Who wants to be friends with idiots?

I haven't dated for years for the same reasons. I'm just not interested in putting myself in the position of having others approve or disapprove of me. Fuck them. Who are they to judge me?

I'd like to say that I don't need anything from anyone, but there's-- despite all of this-- the loneliness. So I find myself in a position of wanting nothing to do with other people yet wishing someone else was around. A 'placeholder', I call him/her. And I can't even imagine what the ideal placeholder would even be like. I've tried forcing myself to find and befriend this person, but I hang out with placeholder candidates and would ALWAYS rather be alone. On top of that, I have a lot of projects. Friends require time that it's just not worth it to give them when I don't even really like them.

I was hoping for an AI revolution, wherein I could have a 'friend' with a customizable personality, a little decent conversation from time to time and the ability to turn them them off/save my progress when I don't feel like dealing with them. Doesn't look like that's going to occur anytime soon though.

I'm fairly convinced that the loneliness is hard-wired, because I KNOW that people aren't anything I want to be around. I'm trying to figure out a way to game the system though, like a vitamin supplement but for human interaction; a way to enjoy the emotional and psychological benefits of human connection without having to subject myself to the awfulness of other people.

Ideas?