I thought Star Wars were just films I loved, but then I started listening to my heart, studying the world and gave myself over to the Force. Now, I am at peace and only wish to share what the Force has taught me, with others who are lost as I was. Do not think I am saying worship Star Wars, I am a Jedi, not a lightsaber nerd, Jedi comes from Jidaigeki which is a word for Japanese Historical Stories, so Jedi means knowledge of history. A Jedi is the keeper of peace and history, we use words, ideas, and knowledge, and are led to these things by the force. I cannot take credit for what I know, because I have faith in the Force, which some call intuition or instinct, but I know I am being led by something far greater than myself. If I was crazy, I would be living a worse life, not a better one. The one thing that does make me feel a little crazy, is that people would rather see my good intentions as crazy or self-promotion, instead of realizing, there are far better ways to get famous, why would I say such things unless I believed them? Religion never worked for me, and then it hit me, and all the knowledge from my childhood fantasies, synced up with what I know about real religions, and real spirituality, if these concepts and labels, help me understand something that is both improving my life, and also, enables me to find a true faith that I never knew I could have, how is this wrong or crazy? I guess, you have to be out on a ledge, for a really long time, before you start becoming grateful for the things that make you realize, what the fuck am I doing on a Ledge, I got an Xbox and Playstation, I got skills and talents, life is not so bad, why am I not finding a way to be happy? The Darkside does not want us to be happy, and it makes us lazy, it lies to us, distorts the truth, and makes us hate ourselves, it makes us long for release from suffering, when we can end our own suffering through the choice to find happiness. The Force is my bliss, if you want to learn more about it please watch this video  [https://youtu.be/R2HmO2piTGo](https://youtu.be/R2HmO2piTGo)