Given the difficulty that the young( and even not so young men) have in attracting a partner, many people try to talk about solutions and treating the situation as a problem. Of course, there is limited evidence that any of the solutions provided by either the male or female centered self help gurus and influencers had any real effect in improving the situation. In a lot of cases, there isin't anything fundamentally wrong with a lot of the single men in question. They come in different shapes and sizes, are of different backgrounds, religions and political affiliations and economic backgrounds. Women have certain( often vaguely defined) expectations that they hear from their online gurus and male brains are not wired to even understand those expectations nevermind actually meet them. It is therefore reasonable to assume that more and more young people( and perhaps some not so young if i may say) will stay long term single.

Whilst discussing this topic there is often a focus on the single man's grief, single woman's dissopoitments of her expectations not being met before reaffirming that they are still non negotiable and people of both genders sharing their experiences on how to ' cope' with loneliness.  There are plenty of woman channels who encourage other women to celebrate being single and engage in activities( like travelling solo or engaging social groups, suppoury groups ect) to help the women thrive.

And so I would like to explore this: what could the great majority of single men with no dating prospects do to not just cope with their situation but also thrive?  What positive things can they engage in? Women have their groups to help them out- what is the equivalent for men? What networks could be created to facilitate this?

I think it's an important topic. Its often said that men are in 'crisis' which is actually very stigmatising. Men are in a difficult position due to no fault of their own( impact of technology and changing social norms).  The  societal changes that we have seen are very rapid, and one would typically expect hunderds of years to adjust . We do not have that much time though. Its an unprecendent time in history.

Preferably I would like to hear answers from both men and women.