Ive rarely had great friends. The few Ive been able to make left after a certain period of time and forgot about me. I was technically in a friend group throughout high school, but they never cared about me, I just happened to be there, I was a prop. In order to get them to even so much as acknowledge me after school it felt like I had to pay for them and do all of the work making plans and reaching out. Sure enough, we graduated, and they all forgot about me immediately. Not one has reached out since.

Since then Ive been hella lonely. But, recently, I met a guy who I *think* is actually interested in being friends. Its weird, when I asked if he wanted to go see a movie he *immediately* agreed, committed, and bought his ticket. Ive never went to a movie with someone without paying for them and practically pulling teeth trying to make a plan for it, I did not expect it to be that smooth with him.

However, despite what is obviously right in front of me, I cannot believe it. I *know* how things are but I feel delusional, and like any minute now the truth will show and he will leave or forget about me like anyone else. Maybe he just agreed to hang out to be nice? Maybe he just feels bad for me and thats why hes so engaged in conversation? I mean, I am the one mostly initiating and texting first, will he text me if I just stopped doing that?

I dont know, its just really discouraging. I feel like it would be better if I just stopped trying and resigned to just being a hopeless loner, I feel like Im just going through the same cycle I always have. Logic tells me none of that is true, yet my feelings tell me im being delusional whenever it seems like he cares and that theres no way he possibly does. And those feelings are really strong, and no matter what I do or think I cannot actually convince *myself* that theres more here and its not the same.

I dont really know what to do, and I dont know if this makes any sense, and Im probably being over dramatic, but this is miserable