Well, what can I say. I wish I never had a reason to create this post but I don't have much to lose, so here I am. I am in my 30s, work in London and have a good job, but that's where the good part ends.

In general tired of one sided conversations but never getting the reciprocity - be it social events, office lunches/social time etc. In social settings I am often the person to keep the conversation going and take genuine interest in people by asking "how their day was" to "how was the weekend" etc. but rarely do I get asked the same thing with the same interest, they only talk about themselves and that's about it. People form their small groups ignoring me and then eventually I leave with nobody to even notice.

In several jobs that I have worked, often I am the one asking people "hey you were sick last week or your kid was unwell sometime ago, how is everything now?" but they rarely ask the same to me but they do ask other people. I just move one.

If I am in an office social setting and see someone alone and struggling (which is often my case anyways), I make sure that I talk to them and involve them but nobody does that to me.

Genuineness, empathy and sincerity are barely valued by a good chunk of people I have come across in so many places here in London and workplaces are seriously cliquey to a point that I have voluntarily resigned from a few jobs as I couldn't deal with the loneliness and isolation in those places anymore.

I am not saying that everyone will have the same experience as me but my experience has unfortunately been this.

I have lived in a few other countries where the local culture was more welcoming and I didn't struggle this much. The loneliness here is insane

In the end what I value is sincerity, down to earth, humbleness and sharing similar interests but most people are not even interested in knowing me, so it never even goes that far. So, at this point I don't even know if there is any solution.

Just wanted to find some comfort here on this sub and check how others have navigated something similar.