I feel really lonely these days, big surprise and my therapist tells me she hears it from many of her clients as well.

I hear it from both sides, I’ve talked about it with women and male friends, some I’ve known for 10+ years. My friend she’s married and she tells me how lonely she feels, because it’s only her and her husband. She loves him and thats her best friend but there’s still a lack of community for her.

It‘s not an economic issue because there are millionaires I know who feel desperately alone and those living close to near homelessness whom feel alone. 

I’m not here with answers really, I am more genuinely curious with how you all cope with this day-to-day phenomenon.

It feels like I go out of my way to practice integration and community based values everyday, understand compromise. Focusing my energy on being less self obsessed or hyper individualistic. I don’t feel like it’s because people are really that bad socially, or people are losers and not working hard enough.

In my opinion, the reality of human connection is: it takes two to tango. You have to give up a level of uncertainty and control to be apart of any relationship or community. It’s a risk, but it feels like we’ve become like the corporations. It’s not worth a risk investment in humanity if it doesn’t benefit. Protecting our inner worlds from any person who may threaten our sense of self and worldview. When there is one red flag, people jump ship. I’m not condoning allowing toxic behavior, but there has to be some leeway for humans to make a mistake or take a risk. I‘m even a prisoner to this, cutting people off who don’t serve me. Maybe, if I gave it more time the kinks could be rolled out, or we find common ground. 

I guess for me it feels like I’m disposable. Even when I’ve spent time to make a career for myself that I’m proud of. It feels like a wall or its own separate armor. They don’t want me for me, just what being in proximity to me could mean for them. 

I’m just ranting but hope someone resonates. 