As I push towards fourty it's clearer with each passing day that I prefer being alone. 

When I was in grade school I started out sitting alone at lunch during the first couple of years. By third grade or so three or four females would sit with me (male). Middle of fourth grade social anxiety bothered me so much I convinced Mom to homeschool me.

This was days before my 10th Birthday. I stayed mostly a loner for the next four years. Then, decided to go to public High School. Made it two weeks of the block schedule. Then, went back to homeschooling. 

Throughout my teen years I tried church youth groups, hanging with neighbor kids after school. Nothing stuck. I graduated a private Home School program. 
After that I went to College out of State. Living in the dorm there was some forced socializing. But, I was always a fifth wheel or invited by someone who knew I'd otherwise be alone. A year of that I returned home.

I had a job at a pizza shop within days of returning home. There were usually three or four guys smoking weed on breaks. So, I was the lookout in case Corporate or a customer showed up. I went to a few work parties, but topped my run and coke off with coke so not to be drunk. I still just watched the the party from the corner of the room.

Fast Forward twenty years, it's just my wife son and me. Mom is close and my two siblings talk fairly often.  My wife is a loner too. She raises our son and is close to her dad and a couple of aunts.

I'd honestly prefer staying home with the kiddo and dogs than grab coffee with a guy I've known twenty nine years. Is that horrible? I just don't want to waste two hours listening to the same guy talk about the same plans that he did nearly thirty years ago. I do have two friends since grade school. And I barely message either.  No hard feelings. It's just that those two are social people. Social to the extent that there's back stabbing in their  circles. Then they call me up and say they understand why my circle is so small.
Thanks for listening to me rant.