Text ID: t008342
Group: summary_guided_gpt
Model: gpt
File:   corpus/05_summary_guided_gpt/t776_gpt.txt

Score (f1_pos): 54
Loading words (f1_pos), N=54: paper, text, go, like, fine, know, life, answer, head, home, work, old, own, people, try, most, silence, mess, day, feel, initiate, night, start, get, ache, make, needy, reach, think, first, happen, time, sit, anyone, move, other, stop, change, question, tell, end, force, much, right, miss, moment, hang, call, use, seem, contact, nothing, space, feeling
I’ve always had this fear of ending up alone, and lately it feels like I’m living it.

On paper, I’m pretty independent. I’m generally at peace in my own space, I don’t mind being at home, and I can function just fine day to day. But it’s like the moment I stop distracting myself, the loneliness just slams into me.

Most of my friendships have basically faded because I’m always the one reaching out first. If I don’t text or call, nothing happens. Over time, that made me feel like I was forcing my presence on people, so I stopped initiating as much. The result is that now… there’s almost nothing. Just silence. It’s hard not to interpret that as proof that I don’t really matter to anyone.

A little over two months ago, I ended a relationship. I still miss him intensely. There are days I have to fight the urge to unblock him and just hear his voice. But I don’t trust that he could really change, and I’m trying to choose myself this time, even though it hurts. So he stays blocked, and I sit with this ache that doesn’t seem to go away.

My best friend was also an ex from years ago. We ended up relying on each other emotionally a lot. I started worrying that I was too needy and dependent on him. He also started working nights, and it felt like our communication was getting strained. Eventually we mutually decided to go no contact and blocked each other. It felt like the “mature” decision at the time, but it also felt like cutting off one of the only people who really knew me.

Later, an old friend told me she thought he might still have romantic feelings for me. That completely messed with my head. Now I’m questioning whether that friendship was ever really just friendship, or if he was just hanging around hoping for another chance. It makes the loss feel different, almost tainted.

So in a short period, I’ve lost the two most important people in my life. I don’t know if I should try to seek answers or just accept it and move on. Right now it just feels extremely hard, like I’m standing in this empty space where my support system used to be, and I have no idea what to do next.