Text ID: t006100
Group: summary_guided_gpt
Model: gpt
File:   corpus/05_summary_guided_gpt/t1264_gpt.txt

Score (f1_pos): 52
Loading words (f1_pos), N=52: go, like, scroll, fine, know, life, answer, say, home, put, work, watch, ask, outside, own, part, people, talk, try, something, day, everyone, feel, loud, start, get, person, make, family, more, happen, time, version, awkward, door, anyone, other, someone, real, change, end, anything, surface, seem, stuff, week, sleep, contact, need, turn, speak, strange
Some weeks I can go days without speaking to anyone. I go to work, I answer emails, I do the basic “how are you / good thanks” stuff, but there’s no real contact. I come home, eat, scroll, sleep. It starts to feel like I’m just watching my own life from the outside, like it’s happening to some other person I barely know.

When I’m around family, I put on the “I’m fine” version of myself. I can feel that my loneliness makes people uncomfortable, like it’s something awkward they don’t know what to do with. So it never really gets talked about. No one is cruel or openly dismissive, but it just sort of… floats there, unacknowledged. It leaves me feeling quietly unsupported rather than obviously abandoned, which somehow hurts in a more subtle way.

The strange part is I’m very aware that, in theory, I’m free to change this. I know the kinds of things I could try, the steps I’d probably need to take. But I feel paralyzed. It’s like standing in front of a door that I know is unlocked and just… not being able to turn the handle. That “freedom” starts to feel like its own kind of prison, because every day I don’t change anything, I end up blaming myself.

I feel like I’m wasting time and failing at something really basic that everyone else seems to manage without thinking. On the surface I’m functioning: I get up, I work, I pay my bills, I feed myself. Underneath, I feel stuck, frozen by all the choices I could make but don’t, and deeply disappointed in myself for not being braver.

I wish I had someone I could really lean on, but it doesn’t feel like that’s truly available. So it all feels like it rests on me alone, and I’m so tired of carrying it.

I’m not asking for advice. I just needed to say this out loud somewhere. And if anyone else feels this way too, you’re not the only one.