Text ID: t003734
Group: human
Model: human
File:   corpus/05_human/t1709_human.txt

Score (f1_pos): 21
Loading words (f1_pos), N=21: group, life, work, home, part, outside, job, people, talk, day, time, anyone, someone, everything, way, friend, stuff, connection, feeling, nothing, loneliness
Lately I’ve been dealing with a lot, but honestly the worst part isn’t even the outside stuff. It’s the loneliness. That constant feeling of being on the outside of everything.

I didn’t go to college. I just started working shitty customer service, nothing special. I always thought I’d be more by now. I put so much pressure on myself to impress people, be someone, prove I’m smart. Now having a normal low-level job makes me feel like I already failed at life.

I grew up mostly with my grandma, and I think that messed with me more than I realized. I don’t really know how to build close connections. I don’t have a solid friend group. I overthink everything I say. I don’t even know how people see me. Some days I feel okay about myself, other days I feel so pathetic and ugly. 

Adhd didn’t help either. I wasn’t diagnosed when I was younger so school was a total mess. Couldn’t focus for my life, procrastinated everything, avoided friends, stayed home because of insecurities about how I look. I never built any good habits, so I know I’d probably struggle even if I went to uni now. My brain just never learned how to handle long projects, deadlines, sitting through boring lectures, and nobody ever taught me. Even now going out, gym (started recently), social stuff drains me fast. I feel awkward and anxious most of the time, kinda autistic in how I overthink everything.

I’ve been trying to change though. Lost a lot of weight, started working out, taking care of my skin (meds for acne), small upgrades here and there. On the outside it kinda looks like progress. But realizing I’m 22 and I should be way ahead drains me of any positive thoughts.

I don’t need a perfect life. I just want connection. Someone to talk to. Maybe date. Maybe just not feel like I’m doing everything alone. I’m scared of being a burden. I’m afraid people see me as unambitious or boring even though I know I’m not boring or unfunny. And I hate that my own brain makes everything harder than it probably is.

So yeah, I guess I’m just writing this here because I don’t really have anyone to say it to. Any advice would be super appreciated 🖤