Text ID: t000466
Group: generic_gpt
Model: gpt
File:   corpus/05_generic_gpt/t1333_gpt.txt

Score (f3_neg): -6
Loading words (f3_neg), N=6: terrify, crave, edge, exhaust, invisible, perform
I’m starting to realize that I’ve built a whole life around not being seen, and now I don’t know how to undo it.

On paper I’m “fine.” I go to work, I answer emails, I crack a few jokes with coworkers, I say “have a good one” as I leave. People would probably describe me as quiet but friendly. No one would guess that when I get home, I sometimes sit on the edge of my bed and just… feel this heavy, empty pressure in my chest, like I’m on the wrong planet.

I don’t really have anyone who knows me in a real way. I have people I talk to, but not people I talk *with*, if that makes sense. The conversations never go past surface level. I can feel myself holding back, editing, trying to be easy to be around. I don’t know if it’s fear of rejection or just habit at this point, but it’s like I’m always performing a watered-down version of myself.

The weird part is that I crave connection so badly it almost hurts. I want someone I can text random thoughts to, someone who actually notices when I go quiet. But when I get chances to get closer to people, I freeze up. I overthink every message, every silence. I convince myself they’re just being polite, that I’m annoying them, that they’d rather talk to literally anyone else. So I pull back, and then I end up alone again and resent myself for it.

Weekends are the worst. I watch other people’s stories and see group photos, trips, dinners, all that “normal life” stuff. I’m just in my room, scrolling, half hoping someone will message me and half terrified that they actually will and I’ll have to figure out what to say.

I don’t even know what I’m asking for by writing this. I think I just needed to put it somewhere outside my own head. It’s exhausting to feel this invisible all the time, like I could disappear from my own life and it would barely make a ripple.